Rewrite the documentation (#234)
alan-turing-institute/DTBase: dtbase/ingress/README.md

> weather_ingress.ingress_data(dt_from, dt_to)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weather_ingress(dt_user_email=blahblah@email.com,
    dt_user_password="this is a very bad password", 
    dt_from=dt_from, 
    dt_to=dt_to)
```

Author: Done
